Key consume stuff
https://discord.com/channels/136501320340209664/232196827577974784/1081698827637096528

DONE:
	Fix the grid
		* Stacking addtion shattered the grid's reliability
		Rework it to store data in the inventory/object mod data
		Rebuild completely every refresh, less bug potential this way and more self correction		

	Display all equipped inventories in a scroll view instead of 1 at a time.
		Occlude and skip rendering if out of view
		Remove sidebar?
		Display weight
		Fix "canAdd" logic, currently tied to the sidebar selected container

	Allow drag and drop out of inventory panel
	Start drag on container icons
	Fix ctrl click stacking
	Organization implementation for container/bags

	Better item distribution in fresh containers, make it look more interesting by spreading items around the grid corners

	Hueristic for stack limits
		Automatically determine the max stack size of items using item data
		Automatic mod support!
			Also need to support manual overrides so anything can be fine tuned

	Update item dev tool to allow setting stack limit

	Modding APIs
		Allow easy changes to data config
			New item data 
			New grid data

	Speed up force equipping
	
	Simple multiplayer sync
	Fix building from hands/bags

	Fix drop on container

	Fix window container display

	Hide the key container


TODO:

	When force dropping an item try to position it in an equipped bag first
	
	Mod Options integration

	UI for stack splitting

	Item Details in popup windows

	Optimize grid rendering further - (Mod Options + scaling first)
		Replace manual tiel rendering with drawTextureTiled and prescaled jpegs

	Prevent equip of food and clothes into hands

	Prevent unlimited instances of popup windows

	Shortcut to close popup windows

	Item Equivelance system
		i.e. Water bottle <-> empty bottle
			auto keep position and force same size
	
	Dev tool for updating grids
	
	Prevent the collection of an undroppable (via buildmode pickup) if no space is available and 2 undroppables are already present to occupy the hands
	
	Obey allowedCategories in the grid's logic
	Container item type resitrctions
		i.e. Medkits can only hold medical items
	
	Improve auto container sizes again
		Its getting decent

	SOUND
		Record and implement basic interaction sounds, sounds will be per item category


	Make Moveables larger in the grid

	The Content Grind™️
		Manually size items/stack limits
		Make sure containers are good sizes and interesting










Low Priority Or Post Launch
	
	Show the item sprite for world container as their image instead of the generic shelf
		See ISMoveableSpriteProps ISMoveableAction etc
		Add a method dedicated to extracting the texture, cache the result (including failure)

	Ability to fold empty bags
		plastic bags, totes, etc


	Auto expand world grids for too many items???
		Red unusable slots by the player
	
	Search system:
		(Sandbox Setting)
		When enabled, players will need to search a container to see the items inside of it.
		Traits previously used for item transfer speed will affect search speed.
		Maybe tie this to a skill? 
			*Not sure yet

	Suppress aiming while mouse is over popups
		This one is proving tough for the CTRL key, I can't figure out how the inventory windows are doing it.
			Not a huge problem, but I'd like to fix this

	MP Testing and bug fixing:
		I expect I'll see some container desync in the grids that I'll need to iron out.
		I do not expect any item desync though, so at worst players will be seeing the same items, but in different arrangements in the item grids.
		Sync mod data




Post-Launch
	Mod Option:
		Transfer Speed Options:
			By default, this mod removes all inventory transfer time.
				The time you spend managing the grid "replaces" it
			Sandbox options will be included to turn it back on. This can slow down using the inventory quite a bit though.

	SOUND
		Sound overrides for specific "popular" items
	
	Furniture Loot-Bags:
		Create a fake bag that weighs 999999999lbs on the ground when the player tries to drop an undroppable furniture item.
			Not all furniture can be dropped as an item, some MUST be placed/built
			This is a big problem with the new grid system
				(Is there a reason other than lack of textures that this can't be done by default?)
		
		This will allow the player to drop any piece furniture on the ground if they somehow end up in illegal item situation involving furniture.
			i.e. if you are carrying a table in your hands, but an action forces different items into your hands and the table has no where valid to go in your inventory.